
Communication protocols and devices are used to communicate with each other across the internet. This is called the TCP/IP model.
TCP/IP stands for Transmission Control Protocol and Internet Protocol. TCP/IP is the standard model used for network communication.
First, TCP, or Transmission Control Protocol, is an internet communication protocol that allows two devices to form a connection and stream data.
The protocol includes a set of instructions to organize data, so it can be sent across a network. It also establishes a connection between two
devices and makes sure that packets reach their appropriate destination.

The IP in TCP/IP stands for Internet Protocol. IP has a set of standards used for routing and addressing data packets as they travel between devices
on a network. Included in the Internet Protocol (IP) is the IP address that functions as an address for each private network.

When data packets are sent and received across a network, they are assigned a port. Within the operating system of a network device, a port is a
software-based location that organizes the sending and receiving of data between devices on a network. Ports divide network traffic into segments
based on the service they will perform between two devices. The computers sending and receiving these data segments know how to prioritize and
process these segments based on their port number.

A router is a network device that connects multiple networks together. For example, if a computer in one network wants to send information to a
tablet on another network, then the information will be transferred as follows: First, the information travels from the computer to the router. Then,
the router reads the destination address, and forwards the data to the intended network's router. Finally, the receiving router directs that
information to the tablet.

Routers sit between networks and direct traffic, based on the IP address of the destination network. The IP address of the destination network is
contained in the IP header. The router reads the header information and forwards the packet to the next router on the path to the destination. This
continues until the packet reaches the destination network. Routers can also include a firewall feature that allows or blocks incoming traffic based
on information in the transmission. This stops malicious traffic from entering the private network and damaging the local area network.

This is my first time running into a router, since the router does not connect to anything else, there is no routing table that needs to be worked
with.
A has a fixed IP, so this will define the IP of my network.
I can choose a fitting mask for the network, but the subnet has to have at least 3 usable IP-addresses, so choosing 255.255.255.240/28 will create
a subnet of 14 usable addresses.
The fixed IP of A is 63.174.115.132.
This results in an available IP-range of 67.174.115.129 - 67.174.115.142.
